Tibo pump your brakes babe take a chill
pill and just lay back and let the bed
miss fall breath hey homes open your
eyes dog can't you see we're getting
messed with here huh hey partner t-bone
look it's car now he's a real hero
acting sad see we still good
what are you watching stupid someone's
onto us we need to go back and redeem I
think neighbors just trying they look
Mike Mike I've been trying to contact
you what oh man who are you okay just
keep talking hey homes Mike's in trouble
let's bounce
what trouble who was Mike man he taken
the Yates shipment and the van and
Mike's still in the back well what we
gonna do how the fuck we go on know
where he got his phone he's gonna talk
to her stills battery runs out come on
we gotta bounce
all right let's JIT gotta make this
quick
Mike doesn't got much time on his
battery left he says he can they're
seagulls Mike and here golf say goes
shit that could be anywhere in this town
he can hear heavy machinery siguen heavy
machinery what is that a build inside
our landfill too son does a building
site Doherty
hey just hang in there Mike help is on
the way
he says he can hear truck reversing he
says it's busy like a freight depot or
something great ah they must be down at
the dock get to the docks and Easter
basin
hey we'll be there in a minute Mike shit
he says they stopped then hear gunfire
he thinks they just shot their way
through a security gate
they all have heavy security at the
docks but they do at the airport's break
Depot to the airport below
my Kinnear aircraft taking off the
landing
they don't worry Mike we're nearly there
there's the gate and some dance security
guard hey this is the place keep your
eyes peeled for that van
okay the tax should work now homes tag
the hell is a tag after that last bit of
trouble my kid that transponder in the
white we was gonna follow it to the game
but something must have fucked up and
now we got to use it to find the van and
rescue my Ohio work shit Danny are
Hey
my cell phone battery's running low
hey man come on hurry up
right there boy about time t-bone who
the fuck is this hey that's one of
Jersey's clowns relax Weddell you hear
that we got to torch this van with a
Coke in it
hey child where the wean torchy nada
this is a setback but doing 20 to life
is a little more than that comprende
amigo
hey right man let's do it and get the
hell out of here the fuck asked you pie
asshole this ain't a committee exactly I
call the shots here now shut up and
let's go
Hey
how long you been working for Jessie I
haven't seen you before just got into
town last week I've done a couple of
jobs here and there let's get into town
huh where were you before that
hey what is it man just answer the
fucking question
look man chief I've been to Los Santos
with my family all right give me his
wallet
what hey get off quit struggling and
concentrate on the road here you go Mike
Carl Johnson huh all right I seen enough
here hey it was a dub in there better
still be there when I check shut the
fuck up
okay Carl Johnson you did good today man
now shake the spot we got shit to talk
about
yeah